docs: add L1HandlerTransaction table and info on caller address (#1275)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture-and-concepts/pages/network-architecture/transactions.adoc

Do not submit a transaction that uses an unsupported transaction type, because it cannot be included in a proof, and so cannot become part of a Starknet block.
====

[NOTE]
====

> While the `L1HandlerTransaction` type is a valid transaction type within Starknet, be aware that it cannot be broadcast through the Starknet API like the other transaction types listed in the table above. This transaction type is specifically designed for internal Starknet operations, particularly for handling messages from L1 to L2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `L1HandlerTransaction` type is a valid Starknet transaction type, be aware that it cannot be broadcast through the Starknet API like the other transaction types listed in the table above. This transaction type is specifically designed for internal Starknet operations, particularly for handling messages from L1 to L2.
```

> While the `L1HandlerTransaction` type is a valid transaction type within Starknet, it is important to note that it cannot be broadcasted through the RPC like the other transaction types listed in the table above. This transaction type is specifically designed for internal Starknet operations, particularly for handling messages from L1 to L2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `L1HandlerTransaction` type is a valid transaction type within Starknet, be aware that it cannot be broadcast through the Starknet API like the other transaction types listed in the table above. This transaction type is specifically designed for internal Starknet operations, particularly for handling messages from L1 to L2.
```
